[Music]
grotesque is a 2009 japanese
exploitation horror film which has a
story with only three characters all i
can say about this movie is that you
can't watch the whole movie without
throwing up it's true it's extreme
violence kids should not watch this
movie we have to explain this because so
many people have requested this movie we
are not responsible if you become a
psycho after watching this movie
okay now there is a question what if
your girlfriend asks you are you ready
to die for me what would you say
sometimes you may say ready don't you
but if you are asked the question once
again after watching this movie you may
not be able to admit it immediately so
come in at your own risk
our hero's name is kazuo the name of the
heroine is aki the name of the third
character is kim sorry if there is a
difference in the pronunciation of the
names of the hero and the heroine the
movie begins with a one fine day hero
and heroine were walking on the road
someone came from behind and hid them on
the head with a hammer
then the two were loaded into a car
after a while when they opened their
eyes and saw that they were tied to an
iron boat in a room this was stranger
there he was the one who kidnapped them
hiro and heroine were standing face to
face both hands and feet were tied the
mouth was closed to prevent noise both
were in a state of fear and could not
even breathe
they couldn't understand what was
happening there and why they were
kidnapped when they tried to make noise
and scream he told them not to make
noise then he kidnaps and tells the hero
to select one or two of these numbers
but he makes a noise without answering
them
aki starts to cry then he takes
something like a screwdriver and stabs
the hero in the mouth then the blood
starts to flow from his mouth he then
inserts the road into the hero's stomach
he then urinates in pain and fear
it started bleeding from the wound in
the abdomen seeing all this aki was
scared and she started screaming
kidnapper picked up a stick and walked
towards aki who was crying because she
was scared
he approaches her puts his face to hers
and kisses her on the cheek then he
places the bar on the table
and started pointing his finger at the
wound in the hero's stomach
since it was the part of the intestine
he began to throw up saying this aki
tells him to leave the hero alone when
he heard this
he asked are you ready to die for him
she answers no the next scene shows
their first date kidnapping takes place
when they broke up
and that was the first time they met
hiro liked her at his first sight it was
his first dating and he had never dated
anyone aki also liked him very much as
they walk out of the restaurant she asks
him
are you ready to give your life for me
that since that was the first meeting he
was confused as to what to answer then
the heroine laughs saying she told a
joke
then the hero takes her hand and tells
her very seriously i will definitely do
it when the opportunity arises
they were abducted when the conversation
was over the next scene shows the
protagonist vomiting continuously seeing
this he unties the hero's hand and in an
attempt to escape he tries to attack him
so he ties up the kazoo again the
protagonist loses consciousness the next
scene shows that he is not in that room
protagonist is still unconscious the
heroine is crying in fear she has
periods then she is bleeding at this
point he comes into room it was all
about food
by the time hero had regained
consciousness slightly he heard that
rising was he was playing some music
he ate all the food and he started
talking to them has kazuo ever had sex
before he knows no and without believing
it he says only the truth can be told
here then he asks again have you had sex
that he knows again
he asks the heroine the same question
then she says i had six ones
when he hears this he asks the hero
do you still like it he said yes and
shook his head are you ready to give
your life for her he cries emotionally
and says i'm ready but there is a way to
escape from it which is to say that he
will send away someone who can make him
sexually happy he says they need to show
their urgency to escape after this he
puts medicine on hero's stomach wound
and he takes off kazuo's pants the iron
plate that binds the hero in his place
next to the hero now the two of them are
staring at each other closely in doing
so he tells them drink now it is said
that the real pain is going to come he
then sterilizes both of them with
chloroform the next scene smells of
another kind of fluid and brings them
back to consciousness when they open
their eyes they were lying on the same
iron plank similarly their arms and legs
are tight so that they can not move
like the operation theater that brought
them in
he had put on the doctor's stress he
then takes a chainsaw
and walks over to kazoo
without any emotion he cuts off the
fingers of both kazuo's hands and all
the fingers except the thumb with that
chain snow he is drenched in pain and
bathed in blood then he took all the
broken fingers and tied them with a
string around aki's neck she was
trampling with fear as well and she
yells no please
i do not say anything to speak of so you
will be punished he said lowering his
sword then he cut off her top with those
scissors and he uses her scissors to cut
off both her nipples
then she has a second hand which is cut
off with a machine she fainted from pain
and placed her cut fingers around
kazuo's neck like a necklace then the
kazoo lies down and makes a noise then
he inserts a finger into his nose
didn't you say you could give your life
for her
so i'm gonna hurt you more he says he
tells her that he will only hurt her if
you cannot help her in doing so and that
he will leave her alone if he is
impressed with his ability to endure the
pain
when he said this he looked at kazuo aki
and cried and agree
he then told her what he was gonna do
next only then will he hurt aki if he
can't stand the pain of putting a few
tacks into his testicles
he started tacking the testicles but the
hero will endure all his pain seeing
that he's not backing down despite all
this he says that he is going to cut off
his penis he asks again
if you want to back off
but hiro looks at him as if no he looks
like he is going to lose in front of
kazu as he parks one of his eyes out and
seeing this aki say something he was
angry and he told i told you not to talk
kazuo who is sure that he will punish
her can withdraw if he wants but he
tells her to continue that harassment
without backing down he cuts off his
penis with a knife he took the severed
penis in his hand and began to shout you
have won you have defeated me so you
were right you have never had sex with
anyone before you won and i will not let
you die anymore in the next scene they
were both treated well and are seen
lying in a room kazuo was very happy
when the consciousness became clear i'm
so glad you got your life back he tells
her after saying that he is not ready to
die for himself and that he has had sex
with someone else anyone's eyes will be
filled when they see kazoo's love the
person who harm them enters the room
with the flowers
they asked him why he is not letting
them out he says he is a doctor and that
they are now exhausted because of their
injuries and they can be released if
they recover from it
and soon after release he says he can
surrender to the police and he promises
them
that he will pay 700 million dollars in
compensation for their injuries he tied
their legs to the bed to prevent them
from injuring themselves as they try to
escape before they could recover the
next scene shows them eating iron then
they say the doctor is talking about me
and she asks him if the doctor will save
us
kazuo says that he cannot understand
what is in his mind he says that he
loves her a lot and wants her to be with
him later in life and she agrees the
doctor takes good care of them with the
help of the doctor they recover within a
few days
doctor said they were good with their
health and he said they can go in a few
days
he left a medicine for them to drink
they were very happy to hear this then
there is a twist in the story
they lost their consciousness after
taking the drug and when they regained
consciousness they were back to that old
state the doctor is still there in his
old case
he said that they were very satisfied in
their case therefore they have to test
kazoo a little more doctor tells him
what he's going to do next what kazoo
needs to do doctor will make an incision
in kazoo's body and cut his rectum then
his bowel will be tied with a rope
doctor will put a pair of scissors on
the floor so she has to untie it in that
case he must save her and so on is he
ready for it
she says she is ready for it in relief
that she will escape the rectum was cut
just like he said he then made an
incision in the abdomen and pulled the
intestinal cord through it tying the
intestinal cord to the coat
it is as disgusting as it looks like
when this is done his consciousness goes
away
he says he will hurt her if he can't
reach aki when kazuo heard this he
somehow crawled and picked up the doctor
caesar's on the ground but he realizes
that he has to cut his gut
if he wants to get close to aki his
consciousness was fading but remembering
her he crawls and cuts the bandages on
her legs with the scissors although he
fell several times he somehow managed to
grab aki's body and try to cut his arm
when the cloth is cut a chain is seen
inside it the doctor did it so they
would not escape the helpless kazuo
leaves the grip and falls to the ground
fainting doctor pulls him away he went
to her and asked do you want to live
after sitting quietly for a while she
spits in his face
and she tells the doctor i have met your
mother the doctor was surprised to hear
that
you have the same face of that [ __ ] and
you are their son kim your mother was a
[ __ ] she was a prostitute
and that's why you never had friends and
no one was willing to have sex with you
you only had sex with your mother aki
went on saying that you are doing this
because you are the son of that [ __ ]
and you are alone he repeatedly pierces
her body with his chainsaw then he picks
up an axe and looks at her neck with
that cut the severed neck and her head
was thrown upwards
the head fell off doctor's body and she
bites his neck deeply doctor writs in
pain and falls to the ground then the
scissors lying there pierced the kazoo
down his neck kazuo had little
consciousness at that time kazoo and aki
lie there and die doctor escapes with
minor cuts to his neck he digs their
body into a field from there he walks
away next scene shows that the doctor
waiting for the third side of the card
another girl walks by and he goes after
them to catch them this is where the
story ends
as i told you earlier watch this movie
at your own risk